Add docs for implementing cachable processing (#7313)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/software-catalog/external-integrations.md

Start up the backend - it should now start reading from the previously
registered location and you'll see your entities start to appear in Backstage.

## Caching processing results

The catalog periodically refresh entities in the catalog and by doing so it call
out to external systems to fetch changes. This can be taxing for upstream
services and large deployments may get rate limited if too many requests are
sent. Luckily many external systems provide ETag support to check for changes
which usually don't count towards the quota and saves resources both internally
and externally.

The catalog has built in support for caching when refreshing external locations
in GitHub. This example aims to demonstrate the same behavior for `system-x`
that we implemented earlier.

```ts
import { UrlReader } from '@backstage/backend-common';
import { Entity, LocationSpec } from '@backstage/catalog-model';
import {
  results,
  CatalogProcessor,
  CatalogProcessorEmit,
  CatalogProcessorCache,
} from '@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend';
import { CatalogProcessorParser } from '.';

> // Change this key to if the processor has undergone major changes

Reviewer: Not even major changes, just adding something to the `CacheItem` and not making it optional could cause runtime failures due to bad data.

// and the existing cache data is no longer compatible.
const CACHE_KEY = 'v1';

// CacheItem is our cache containing ETag used in the upstream request

> // as well as the processing result used when the Etag matches.

Reviewer: I'd add a note here saying that if you change this interface you will probably want to change the `CACHE_KEY` too.

Author: good point 👍

    // registered later with this type.
    if (location.type !== 'system-x') {
      return false;
    }
    const cacheItem = await cache.get<CacheItem>(CACHE_KEY);
    try {
      // This assumes an URL reader that returns the response together with the ETag.
      // We send the ETag from the previous run if it exists.
      // The previous ETag will be set in the headers for the outgoing request and system-x
      // is going to throw NOT_MODIFIED (HTTP 304) if the ETag matches.
      const response = await this.reader.readUrl?.(location.target, {
        etag: cacheItem?.etag,
      });
      if (!response) {
        // readUrl is currently optional to implement so we have to check if we get a response back.
        throw new Error(
          'No URL reader that can parse system-x targets installed',
        );
      }

      // For this example the JSON payload is a single entity.
      const entity: Entity = JSON.parse(response.buffer.toString());
      emit(results.entity(location, entity));

      // Update the cache with the new ETag and entity used for the next run.
      await cache.set<CacheItem>(CACHE_KEY, {

>         etag: response.etag ? response.etag : '',

Reviewer: Maybe it makes sense to have a good example for `etag` being required or undefined rather than empty string, and some usage when it is not an option for using etags rather than having this?

Author: Would you prefer a if(!response.etag) and throw or simply wrap the cache set in if(response.etag)? I'd vote for the later unless you have a third option :)

Reviewer: I guess i'm just not a fan of `''` can we make `etag?` and then the types should all be fine.

Reviewer: In `CacheItem`

Reviewer: Or maybe 2) is fine.

Start up the backend - it should now start reading from the previously
registered location and you'll see your entities start to appear in Backstage.

## Caching processing results

> The catalog periodically refresh entities in the catalog and by doing so it call

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The catalog periodically refreshes entities in the catalog, and in doing so it calls
```

out to external systems to fetch changes. This can be taxing for upstream
services and large deployments may get rate limited if too many requests are

> sent. Luckily many external systems provide ETag support to check for changes
> which usually don't count towards the quota and saves resources both internally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sent. Luckily many external systems provide ETag support to check for changes
which usually doesn't count towards the quota and saves resources both internally
```

and externally.

> The catalog has built in support for caching when refreshing external locations
> in GitHub. This example aims to demonstrate the same behavior for `system-x`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The catalog has built in support for leveraging ETags when refreshing external locations
in GitHub. This example aims to demonstrate how to add the same behaviour for `system-x`
```

that we implemented earlier.

```ts
import { UrlReader } from '@backstage/backend-common';
import { Entity, LocationSpec } from '@backstage/catalog-model';
import {
  results,
  CatalogProcessor,
  CatalogProcessorEmit,
  CatalogProcessorCache,
} from '@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend';

> import { CatalogProcessorParser } from '.';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { CatalogProcessorParser } from './CatalogProcessorParser';
```

if that's the right path. Never import dots

Author: I blame vscode!

// It's recommended to always bump the CACHE_KEY version if you make
// changes to the processor implementation or CacheItem.
const CACHE_KEY = 'v1';

> // CacheItem is our cache containing ETag used in the upstream request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Our cache item contains the ETag used in the upstream request
```

// as well as the processing result used when the Etag matches.
// Bump the CACHE_KEY version if you make any changes to this type.
type CacheItem = {

>   etag?: string;

Reviewer 3: Think it makes sense to have this be required and check for the existence of an etag in the reponse

Author: Sure thing, fixed!
